chodba               chod-b-a
palba                pal-b-a
předvolba            před-vol-b-a
sazba                saz-b-a
voda                 vod-a
zvolala              z-vol-a-l-a
poslala              po-sl-a-l-a
dělala               děl-a-l-a
udělala              u-děl-a-l-a
začervenala          za-červen-a-l-a
zahnala              za-hn-a-l-a
kousala              kous-a-l-a
potřebovala          po-třeb-ova-l-a
sledovala            sled-ova-l-a
milovala             mil-ova-l-a
zamilovala           za-mil-ova-l-a
kupovala             kup-ova-l-a
ukazovala            u-kaz-ova-l-a
pokračovala          po-krač-ova-l-a
přivedla             při-ved-l-a
dovedla              do-ved-l-a
nedovedla            ne-do-ved-l-a
uvedla               u-ved-l-a
neuzvedla            ne-u-z-ved-l-a
vracela              vrac-e-l-a
nemusela             ne-mus-e-l-a
slyšela              slyš-e-l-a
ležela               lež-e-l-a
držela               drž-e-l-a
běžela               běž-e-l-a
neběžela             ne-běž-e-l-a
chodila              chod-i-l-a
jezdila              jezd-i-l-a
nezapálila           ne-za-pál-i-l-a
popálila             po-pál-i-l-a
propálila            pro-pál-i-l-a
zlomila              z-lom-i-l-a
potopila             po-top-i-l-a
vyplatila            vy-plat-i-l-a
pustila              pust-i-l-a
spustila             s-pust-i-l-a
upustila             u-pust-i-l-a
necítila             ne-cít-i-l-a
mluvila              mluv-i-l-a
nesla                nes-l-a
odnesla              od-nes-l-a
přinesla             při-nes-l-a
donesla              do-nes-l-a
nepronesla           ne-pro-nes-l-a
napomenula           na-po-me-nu-l-a
seděla               sed-ě-l-a
vyseděla             vy-sed-ě-l-a
viděla               vid-ě-l-a
neviděla             ne-vid-ě-l-a
uviděla              u-vid-ě-l-a
zima                 zim-a
cena                 cen-a
síra                 sír-a
pusa                 pus-a
místa                míst-a
kopyta               kopyt-a
hlava                hlav-a
západ                zá-pad
střed                střed
východ               vý-chod
řád                  řád
vede                 ved-e
nevede               ne-ved-e
přivede              při-ved-e
nepřivede            ne-při-ved-e
uvede                u-ved-e
vyvede               vy-ved-e
čase                 čas-e
lese                 les-e
nese                 nes-e
přenese              pře-nes-e
unese                u-nes-e
potřebuje            po-třeb-uje
spotřebuje           s-po-třeb-uje
pracuje              prac-uje
vypracuje            vy-prac-uje
odhaduje             od-had-uje
požaduje             po-žad-uje
děkuje               děk-uje
nemiluje             ne-mil-uje
posiluje             po-sil-uje
kupuje               kup-uje
nakupuje             na-kup-uje
odkazuje             od-kaz-uje
neodkazuje           ne-od-kaz-uje
dokazuje             do-kaz-uje
ukazuje              u-kaz-uje
vykazuje             vy-kaz-uje
vzkazuje             vz-kaz-uje
překračuje           pře-krač-uje
pokračuje            po-krač-uje
dovedeme             do-ved-e-me
přineseme            při-nes-e-me
potřebujeme          po-třeb-uje-me
pracujeme            prac-uje-me
odhadujeme           od-had-uje-me
vyžadujeme           vy-žad-uje-me
sledujeme            sled-uje-me
děkujeme             děk-uje-me
usilujeme            u-sil-uje-me
kupujeme             kup-uje-me
nakupujeme           na-kup-uje-me
operujeme            oper-uje-me
zasazujeme           za-saz-uje-me
prosazujeme          pro-saz-uje-me
pokračujeme          po-krač-uje-me
propadneme           pro-pad-ne-me
zvládneme            z-vlád-ne-me
řekneme              řek-ne-me
zavoláme             za-vol-á-me
děláme               děl-á-me
uděláme              u-děl-á-me
jednáme              jedn-á-me
uvidíme              u-vid-í-me
soudíme              soud-í-me
odsoudíme            od-soud-í-me
jezdíme              jezd-í-me
nekoupíme            ne-koup-í-me
honosíme             honos-í-me
musíme               mus-í-me
pověsíme             po-věs-í-me
platíme              plat-í-me
připustíme           při-pust-í-me
nenutíme             ne-nut-í-me
cítíme               cít-í-me
vaříme               vař-í-me
tvoříme              tvoř-í-me
netvoříme            ne-tvoř-í-me
vytvoříme            vy-tvoř-í-me
sušíme               suš-í-me
napadne              na-pad-ne
nenapadne            ne-na-pad-ne
nepadne              ne-pad-ne
dopadne              do-pad-ne
spadne               s-pad-ne
upadne               u-pad-ne
zvládne              z-vlád-ne
odtáhne              od-táh-ne
vznikne              vz-nik-ne
tiskne               tisk-ne
přitiskne            při-tisk-ne
dovedete             do-ved-e-te
nepotřebujete        ne-po-třeb-uje-te
nakupujete           na-kup-uje-te
řeknete              řek-ne-te
uniknete             u-nik-ne-te
povoláte             po-vol-á-te
děláte               děl-á-te
uděláte              u-děl-á-te
jednáte              jedn-á-te
nevidíte             ne-vid-í-te
uvidíte              u-vid-í-te
nechodíte            ne-chod-í-te
soudíte              soud-í-te
odsoudíte            od-soud-í-te
nepokusíte           ne-po-kus-í-te
musíte               mus-í-te
nemusíte             ne-mus-í-te
mluvíte              mluv-í-te
obdržíte             ob-drž-í-te
brodech              brod-ech
cenách               cen-ách
jih                  jih
odpískali            od-písk-a-l-i
volali               vol-a-l-i
zavolali             za-vol-a-l-i
nezavolali           ne-za-vol-a-l-i
zvolali              z-vol-a-l-i
dělali               děl-a-l-i
udělali              u-děl-a-l-i
přijímali            při-jím-a-l-i
sjednali             s-jedn-a-l-i
hnali                hn-a-l-i
pracovali            prac-ova-l-i
poděkovali           po-děk-ova-l-i
milovali             mil-ova-l-i
dokazovali           do-kaz-ova-l-i
ukazovali            u-kaz-ova-l-i
zasazovali           za-saz-ova-l-i
vedli                ved-l-i
odvedli              od-ved-l-i
přivedli             při-ved-l-i
dovedli              do-ved-l-i
vraceli              vrac-e-l-i
museli               mus-e-l-i
drželi               drž-e-l-i
vydrželi             vy-drž-e-l-i
běželi               běž-e-l-i
chodili              chod-i-l-i
odsoudili            od-soud-i-l-i
koupili              koup-i-l-i
pověsili             po-věs-i-l-i
zaplatili            za-plat-i-l-i
dopustili            do-pust-i-l-i
nepocítili           ne-po-cít-i-l-i
stvořili             s-tvoř-i-l-i
odnesli              od-nes-l-i
přinesli             při-nes-l-i
donesli              do-nes-l-i
neseděli             ne-sed-ě-l-i
vyseděli             vy-sed-ě-l-i
neviděli             ne-vid-ě-l-i
cíli                 cíl-i
slabosti             slab-ost-i
radosti              rad-ost-i
žádosti              žád-ost-i
mnohosti             mnoh-ost-i
veselosti            vesel-ost-i
rychlosti            rychl-ost-i
místnosti            míst-n-ost-i
volbami              vol-b-ami
pusami               pus-ami
řek                  řek
zapráskal            za-prásk-a-l
pískal               písk-a-l
zapískal             za-písk-a-l
zafoukal             za-fouk-a-l
volal                vol-a-l
zavolal              za-vol-a-l
zvolal               z-vol-a-l
poslal               po-sl-a-l
vyžvatlal            vy-žvatl-a-l
dělal                děl-a-l
nenadělal            ne-na-děl-a-l
nedělal              ne-děl-a-l
dodělal              do-děl-a-l
udělal               u-děl-a-l
neudělal             ne-u-děl-a-l
zakašlal             za-kašl-a-l
jednal               jedn-a-l
začervenal           za-červen-a-l
zahnal               za-hn-a-l
přihnal              při-hn-a-l
rozžehnal            roz-žehn-a-l
kousal               kous-a-l
pokousal             po-kous-a-l
rozkousal            roz-kous-a-l
potřeboval           po-třeb-ova-l
nepracoval           ne-prac-ova-l
odhadoval            od-had-ova-l
kupoval              kup-ova-l
ukazoval             u-kaz-ova-l
pokračoval           po-krač-ova-l
vedl                 ved-l
předvedl             před-ved-l
odvedl               od-ved-l
přivedl              při-ved-l
nepřivedl            ne-při-ved-l
dovedl               do-ved-l
provedl              pro-ved-l
uvedl                u-ved-l
zvedl                z-ved-l
nezvedl              ne-z-ved-l
vracel               vrac-e-l
převracel            pře-vrac-e-l
musel                mus-e-l
nemusel              ne-mus-e-l
slyšel               slyš-e-l
neslyšel             ne-slyš-e-l
ležel                lež-e-l
proležel             pro-lež-e-l
držel                drž-e-l
zdržel               z-drž-e-l
nepozdržel           ne-po-z-drž-e-l
běžel                běž-e-l
neběžel              ne-běž-e-l
chodil               chod-i-l
nepochodil           ne-po-chod-i-l
dopálil              do-pál-i-l
popálil              po-pál-i-l
spálil               s-pál-i-l
vpálil               v-pál-i-l
posílil              po-síl-i-l
lomil                lom-i-l
zlomil               z-lom-i-l
utopil               u-top-i-l
koupil               koup-i-l
zakoupil             za-koup-i-l
prosil               pros-i-l
poprosil             po-pros-i-l
pokusil              po-kus-i-l
platil               plat-i-l
zaplatil             za-plat-i-l
pustil               pust-i-l
odpustil             od-pust-i-l
spustil              s-pust-i-l
vypustil             vy-pust-i-l
vnutil               v-nut-i-l
cítil                cít-i-l
necítil              ne-cít-i-l
docítil              do-cít-i-l
pocítil              po-cít-i-l
mluvil               mluv-i-l
domluvil             do-mluv-i-l
nepromluvil          ne-pro-mluv-i-l
stvořil              s-tvoř-i-l
vytvořil             vy-tvoř-i-l
nesl                 nes-l
odnesl               od-nes-l
přenesl              pře-nes-l
přinesl              při-nes-l
nepřinesl            ne-při-nes-l
pronesl              pro-nes-l
vznesl               vz-nes-l
natáhnul             na-táh-nu-l
seděl                sed-ě-l
neseděl              ne-sed-ě-l
vyseděl              vy-sed-ě-l
viděl                vid-ě-l
neviděl              ne-vid-ě-l
uviděl               u-vid-ě-l
potrpěl              po-trp-ě-l
škol                 škol
cíl                  cíl
zavolám              za-vol-á-m
nedělám              ne-děl-á-m
vracím               vrac-í-m
sedím                sed-í-m
vidím                vid-í-m
nevidím              ne-vid-í-m
uvidím               u-vid-í-m
napálím              na-pál-í-m
vypálím              vy-pál-í-m
trpím                trp-í-m
koupím               koup-í-m
prosím               pros-í-m
nemusím              ne-mus-í-m
zaplatím             za-plat-í-m
odpustím             od-pust-í-m
opustím              o-pust-í-m
nenutím              ne-nut-í-m
donutím              do-nut-í-m
necítím              ne-cít-í-m
nemluvím             ne-mluv-í-m
nepromluvím          ne-pro-mluv-í-m
stvořím              s-tvoř-í-m
slyším               slyš-í-m
neuslyším            ne-u-slyš-í-m
držím                drž-í-m
nevydržím            ne-vy-drž-í-m
zdržím               z-drž-í-m
běžím                běž-í-m
středem              střed-em
lesem                les-em
místem               míst-em
blátem               blát-em
světem               svět-em
faxem                fax-em
podzim               pod-zim
cen                  cen
dělalo               děl-a-l-o
udělalo              u-děl-a-l-o
stonalo              ston-a-l-o
vyžadovalo           vy-žad-ova-l-o
nevedlo              ne-ved-l-o
nepovedlo            ne-po-ved-l-o
leželo               lež-e-l-o
běželo               běž-e-l-o
chodilo              chod-i-l-o
jezdilo              jezd-i-l-o
pálilo               pál-i-l-o
spálilo              s-pál-i-l-o
topilo               top-i-l-o
platilo              plat-i-l-o
vidělo               vid-ě-l-o
jaro                 jar-o
místo                míst-o
město                měst-o
kopyto               kopyt-o
koryto               koryt-o
bláto                blát-o
dláto                dlát-o
léto                 lét-o
sever                sever
vlas                 vlas
čas                  čas
pleskat              plesk-a-t
napleskat            na-plesk-a-t
zapleskat            za-plesk-a-t
popleskat            po-plesk-a-t
zatleskat            za-tlesk-a-t
třeskat              třesk-a-t
vtiskat              v-tisk-a-t
mrskat               mrsk-a-t
namrskat             na-mrsk-a-t
zamrskat             za-mrsk-a-t
vymrskat             vy-mrsk-a-t
zmrskat              z-mrsk-a-t
prskat               prsk-a-t
poprskat             po-prsk-a-t
zaluskat             za-lusk-a-t
louskat              lousk-a-t
přelouskat           pře-lousk-a-t
vylouskat            vy-lousk-a-t
rozlouskat           roz-lousk-a-t
tryskat              trysk-a-t
práskat              prásk-a-t
napráskat            na-prásk-a-t
zapráskat            za-prásk-a-t
vypráskat            vy-prásk-a-t
plískat              plísk-a-t
pískat               písk-a-t
napískat             na-písk-a-t
odpískat             od-písk-a-t
spískat              s-písk-a-t
vypískat             vy-písk-a-t
blýskat              blýsk-a-t
zablýskat            za-blýsk-a-t
problýskat           pro-blýsk-a-t
vyblýskat            vy-blýsk-a-t
odprýskat            od-prýsk-a-t
oprýskat             o-prýsk-a-t
poprýskat            po-prýsk-a-t
rozprýskat           roz-prýsk-a-t
foukat               fouk-a-t
nafoukat             na-fouk-a-t
odfoukat             od-fouk-a-t
pofoukat             po-fouk-a-t
profoukat            pro-fouk-a-t
sfoukat              s-fouk-a-t
rozfoukat            roz-fouk-a-t
volat                vol-a-t
navolat              na-vol-a-t
zavolat              za-vol-a-t
přivolat             při-vol-a-t
nepřivolat           ne-při-vol-a-t
dovolat              do-vol-a-t
povolat              po-vol-a-t
provolat             pro-vol-a-t
vyvolat              vy-vol-a-t
zaslat               za-sl-a-t
obeslat              obe-sl-a-t
předeslat            přede-sl-a-t
odeslat              ode-sl-a-t
seslat               se-sl-a-t
rozeslat             roze-sl-a-t
vyslat               vy-sl-a-t
hatlat               hatl-a-t
matlat               matl-a-t
patlat               patl-a-t
upatlat              u-patl-a-t
rozpatlat            roz-patl-a-t
žvatlat              žvatl-a-t
nažvatlat            na-žvatl-a-t
rozžvatlat           roz-žvatl-a-t
vykotlat             vy-kotl-a-t
odestlat             ode-stl-a-t
rozestlat            roze-stl-a-t
přestlat             pře-stl-a-t
postlat              po-stl-a-t
ustlat               u-stl-a-t
vystlat              vy-stl-a-t
tutlat               tutl-a-t
ututlat              u-tutl-a-t
lulat                lul-a-t
polulat              po-lul-a-t
žmoulat              žmoul-a-t
rozžmoulat           roz-žmoul-a-t
toulat               toul-a-t
natoulat             na-toul-a-t
zatoulat             za-toul-a-t
sálat                sál-a-t
cválat               cvál-a-t
zacválat             za-cvál-a-t
odcválat             od-cvál-a-t
přicválat            při-cvál-a-t
docválat             do-cvál-a-t
vycválat             vy-cvál-a-t
podmílat             pod-míl-a-t
přemílat             pře-míl-a-t
omílat               o-míl-a-t
domílat              do-míl-a-t
vymílat              vy-míl-a-t
zasílat              za-síl-a-t
obesílat             obe-síl-a-t
předesílat           přede-síl-a-t
odesílat             ode-síl-a-t
sesílat              se-síl-a-t
rozesílat            roze-síl-a-t
posílat              po-síl-a-t
naposílat            na-po-síl-a-t
rozposílat           roz-po-síl-a-t
vysílat              vy-síl-a-t
postýlat             po-stýl-a-t
vystýlat             vy-stýl-a-t
bělat                běl-a-t
zabělat              za-běl-a-t
zbělat               z-běl-a-t
dělat                děl-a-t
nadělat              na-děl-a-t
padělat              pa-děl-a-t
zadělat              za-děl-a-t
obdělat              ob-děl-a-t
oddělat              od-děl-a-t
nedělat              ne-děl-a-t
předělat             pře-děl-a-t
přidělat             při-děl-a-t
dodělat              do-děl-a-t
podělat              po-děl-a-t
udělat               u-děl-a-t
přivydělat           při-vy-děl-a-t
rozdělat             roz-děl-a-t
vzdělat              vz-děl-a-t
kašlat               kašl-a-t
odkašlat             od-kašl-a-t
vykašlat             vy-kašl-a-t
rozkašlat            roz-kašl-a-t
hamat                ham-a-t
klamat               klam-a-t
dumat                dum-a-t
zadumat              za-dum-a-t
vydumat              vy-dum-a-t
lámat                lám-a-t
nalámat              na-lám-a-t
odlámat              od-lám-a-t
přelámat             pře-lám-a-t
olámat               o-lám-a-t
polámat              po-lám-a-t
prolámat             pro-lám-a-t
ulámat               u-lám-a-t
vylámat              vy-lám-a-t
zlámat               z-lám-a-t
rozlámat             roz-lám-a-t
jímat                jím-a-t
najímat              na-jím-a-t
pronajímat           pro-na-jím-a-t
předjímat            před-jím-a-t
podjímat             pod-jím-a-t
přejímat             pře-jím-a-t
přijímat             při-jím-a-t
dojímat              do-jím-a-t
pojímat              po-jím-a-t
projímat             pro-jím-a-t
ujímat               u-jím-a-t
vyjímat              vy-jím-a-t
rozjímat             roz-jím-a-t
dýmat                dým-a-t
nadýmat              na-dým-a-t
zadýmat              za-dým-a-t
rozdýmat             roz-dým-a-t
jednat               jedn-a-t
doobjednat           do-ob-jedn-a-t
přijednat            při-jedn-a-t
dojednat             do-jedn-a-t
pojednat             po-jedn-a-t
projednat            pro-jedn-a-t
vyjednat             vy-jedn-a-t
zelenat              zelen-a-t
zazelenat            za-zelen-a-t
červenat             červen-a-t
začervenat           za-červen-a-t
nahnat               na-hn-a-t
zahnat               za-hn-a-t
přihnat              při-hn-a-t
ohnat                o-hn-a-t
pohnat               po-hn-a-t
popohnat             po-po-hn-a-t
uhnat                u-hn-a-t
vyhnat               vy-hn-a-t
žehnat               žehn-a-t
zažehnat             za-žehn-a-t
požehnat             po-žehn-a-t
rozžehnat            roz-žehn-a-t
stonat               ston-a-t
zastonat             za-ston-a-t
odstonat             od-ston-a-t
prostonat            pro-ston-a-t
vystonat             vy-ston-a-t
rozstonat            roz-ston-a-t
kousat               kous-a-t
překousat            pře-kous-a-t
okousat              o-kous-a-t
pokousat             po-kous-a-t
prokousat            pro-kous-a-t
ukousat              u-kous-a-t
rozkousat            roz-kous-a-t
rousat               rous-a-t
zarousat             za-rous-a-t
urousat              u-rous-a-t
kysat                kys-a-t
nakysat              na-kys-a-t
zakysat              za-kys-a-t
lysat                lys-a-t
olysat               o-lys-a-t
jásat                jás-a-t
zajásat              za-jás-a-t
rozjásat             roz-jás-a-t
hlásat               hlás-a-t
pásat                pás-a-t
odpásat              od-pás-a-t
podpásat             pod-pás-a-t
připásat             při-pás-a-t
opásat               o-pás-a-t
spásat               s-pás-a-t
drásat               drás-a-t
zdrásat              z-drás-a-t
rozdrásat            roz-drás-a-t
potřebovat           po-třeb-ova-t
opotřebovat          o-po-třeb-ova-t
spotřebovat          s-po-třeb-ova-t
vypotřebovat         vy-po-třeb-ova-t
pracovat             prac-ova-t
zapracovat           za-prac-ova-t
odpracovat           od-prac-ova-t
přepracovat          pře-prac-ova-t
dopracovat           do-prac-ova-t
propracovat          pro-prac-ova-t
upracovat            u-prac-ova-t
vypracovat           vy-prac-ova-t
rozpracovat          roz-prac-ova-t
dohadovat            do-had-ova-t
uhadovat             u-had-ova-t
dožadovat            do-žad-ova-t
požadovat            po-žad-ova-t
sledovat             sled-ova-t
vysledovat           vy-sled-ova-t
děkovat              děk-ova-t
poděkovat            po-děk-ova-t
milovat              mil-ova-t
zamilovat            za-mil-ova-t
pomilovat            po-mil-ova-t
posilovat            po-sil-ova-t
usilovat             u-sil-ova-t
vysilovat            vy-sil-ova-t
kupovat              kup-ova-t
nakupovat            na-kup-ova-t
zakupovat            za-kup-ova-t
odkupovat            od-kup-ova-t
dokupovat            do-kup-ova-t
skupovat             s-kup-ova-t
operovat             oper-ova-t
vyoperovat           vy-oper-ova-t
zakazovat            za-kaz-ova-t
odkazovat            od-kaz-ova-t
překazovat           pře-kaz-ova-t
přikazovat           při-kaz-ova-t
dokazovat            do-kaz-ova-t
prokazovat           pro-kaz-ova-t
ukazovat             u-kaz-ova-t
poukazovat           po-u-kaz-ova-t
vykazovat            vy-kaz-ova-t
vzkazovat            vz-kaz-ova-t
nasazovat            na-saz-ova-t
zasazovat            za-saz-ova-t
obsazovat            ob-saz-ova-t
podsazovat           pod-saz-ova-t
sesazovat            se-saz-ova-t
přesazovat           pře-saz-ova-t
přisazovat           při-saz-ova-t
osazovat             o-saz-ova-t
dosazovat            do-saz-ova-t
posazovat            po-saz-ova-t
prosazovat           pro-saz-ova-t
usazovat             u-saz-ova-t
vsazovat             v-saz-ova-t
vysazovat            vy-saz-ova-t
rozsazovat           roz-saz-ova-t
obkračovat           ob-krač-ova-t
překračovat          pře-krač-ova-t
přikračovat          při-krač-ova-t
dokračovat           do-krač-ova-t
vykračovat           vy-krač-ova-t
rozkračovat          roz-krač-ova-t
vracet               vrac-e-t
navracet             na-vrac-e-t
odvracet             od-vrac-e-t
podvracet            pod-vrac-e-t
vyvracet             vy-vrac-e-t
zvyvracet            z-vy-vrac-e-t
zvracet              z-vrac-e-t
rozvracet            roz-vrac-e-t
předplácet           před-plác-e-t
odplácet             od-plác-e-t
přeplácet            pře-plác-e-t
připlácet            při-plác-e-t
oplácet              o-plác-e-t
proplácet            pro-plác-e-t
splácet              s-plác-e-t
uplácet              u-plác-e-t
vyplácet             vy-plác-e-t
muset                mus-e-t
nemuset              ne-mus-e-t
oslyšet              o-slyš-e-t
vyslyšet             vy-slyš-e-t
ležet                lež-e-t
naležet              na-lež-e-t
přeležet             pře-lež-e-t
poležet              po-lež-e-t
proležet             pro-lež-e-t
uležet               u-lež-e-t
vyležet              vy-lež-e-t
rozležet             roz-lež-e-t
držet                drž-e-t
nadržet              na-drž-e-t
předržet             pře-drž-e-t
dodržet              do-drž-e-t
podržet              po-drž-e-t
vydržet              vy-drž-e-t
zdržet               z-drž-e-t
pozdržet             po-z-drž-e-t
běžet                běž-e-t
chodit               chod-i-t
nachodit             na-chod-i-t
přechodit            pře-chod-i-t
dochodit             do-chod-i-t
pochodit             po-chod-i-t
prochodit            pro-chod-i-t
uchodit              u-chod-i-t
rozchodit            roz-chod-i-t
soudit               soud-i-t
odsoudit             od-soud-i-t
přisoudit            při-soud-i-t
dosoudit             do-soud-i-t
prosoudit            pro-soud-i-t
usoudit              u-soud-i-t
vysoudit             vy-soud-i-t
rozsoudit            roz-soud-i-t
jezdit               jezd-i-t
najezdit             na-jezd-i-t
zajezdit             za-jezd-i-t
objezdit             ob-jezd-i-t
pojezdit             po-jezd-i-t
projezdit            pro-jezd-i-t
ujezdit              u-jezd-i-t
vyjezdit             vy-jezd-i-t
rozjezdit            roz-jezd-i-t
pálit                pál-i-t
napálit              na-pál-i-t
zapálit              za-pál-i-t
odpálit              od-pál-i-t
podpálit             pod-pál-i-t
opálit               o-pál-i-t
dopálit              do-pál-i-t
popálit              po-pál-i-t
propálit             pro-pál-i-t
spálit               s-pál-i-t
upálit               u-pál-i-t
vpálit               v-pál-i-t
vypálit              vy-pál-i-t
rozpálit             roz-pál-i-t
bílit                bíl-i-t
nabílit              na-bíl-i-t
zabílit              za-bíl-i-t
přebílit             pře-bíl-i-t
obílit               o-bíl-i-t
dobílit              do-bíl-i-t
vybílit              vy-bíl-i-t
cílit                cíl-i-t
zacílit              za-cíl-i-t
docílit              do-cíl-i-t
pílit                píl-i-t
popílit              po-píl-i-t
posílit              po-síl-i-t
vysílit              vy-síl-i-t
lomit                lom-i-t
nalomit              na-lom-i-t
zalomit              za-lom-i-t
oblomit              ob-lom-i-t
odlomit              od-lom-i-t
přelomit             pře-lom-i-t
prolomit             pro-lom-i-t
zlomit               z-lom-i-t
rozlomit             roz-lom-i-t
krmit                krm-i-t
nakrmit              na-krm-i-t
překrmit             pře-krm-i-t
prokrmit             pro-krm-i-t
vykrmit              vy-krm-i-t
topit                top-i-t
zatopit              za-top-i-t
předtopit            před-top-i-t
přetopit             pře-top-i-t
přitopit             při-top-i-t
dotopit              do-top-i-t
potopit              po-top-i-t
utopit               u-top-i-t
vytopit              vy-top-i-t
roztopit             roz-top-i-t
koupit               koup-i-t
nakoupit             na-koup-i-t
zakoupit             za-koup-i-t
odkoupit             od-koup-i-t
přikoupit            při-koup-i-t
dokoupit             do-koup-i-t
skoupit              s-koup-i-t
vykoupit             vy-koup-i-t
honosit              honos-i-t
prosit               pros-i-t
naprosit             na-pros-i-t
zaprosit             za-pros-i-t
odprosit             od-pros-i-t
poprosit             po-pros-i-t
zakusit              za-kus-i-t
okusit               o-kus-i-t
navěsit              na-věs-i-t
zavěsit              za-věs-i-t
převěsit             pře-věs-i-t
ověsit               o-věs-i-t
pověsit              po-věs-i-t
rozvěsit             roz-věs-i-t
platit               plat-i-t
naplatit             na-plat-i-t
zaplatit             za-plat-i-t
předplatit           před-plat-i-t
odplatit             od-plat-i-t
přeplatit            pře-plat-i-t
připlatit            při-plat-i-t
oplatit              o-plat-i-t
poplatit             po-plat-i-t
proplatit            pro-plat-i-t
splatit              s-plat-i-t
vplatit              v-plat-i-t
vyplatit             vy-plat-i-t
pustit               pust-i-t
napustit             na-pust-i-t
zapustit             za-pust-i-t
odpustit             od-pust-i-t
přepustit            pře-pust-i-t
připustit            při-pust-i-t
opustit              o-pust-i-t
popustit             po-pust-i-t
propustit            pro-pust-i-t
spustit              s-pust-i-t
upustit              u-pust-i-t
vpustit              v-pust-i-t
vypustit             vy-pust-i-t
rozpustit            roz-pust-i-t
nutit                nut-i-t
přinutit             při-nut-i-t
donutit              do-nut-i-t
vnutit               v-nut-i-t
cítit                cít-i-t
necítit              ne-cít-i-t
pocítit              po-cít-i-t
procítit             pro-cít-i-t
ucítit               u-cít-i-t
vcítit               v-cít-i-t
vycítit              vy-cít-i-t
mluvit               mluv-i-t
namluvit             na-mluv-i-t
zamluvit             za-mluv-i-t
přemluvit            pře-mluv-i-t
přimluvit            při-mluv-i-t
domluvit             do-mluv-i-t
pomluvit             po-mluv-i-t
promluvit            pro-mluv-i-t
umluvit              u-mluv-i-t
vymluvit             vy-mluv-i-t
rozmluvit            roz-mluv-i-t
vařit                vař-i-t
navařit              na-vař-i-t
předvařit            před-vař-i-t
odvařit              od-vař-i-t
převařit             pře-vař-i-t
přivařit             při-vař-i-t
ovařit               o-vař-i-t
povařit              po-vař-i-t
uvařit               u-vař-i-t
vyvařit              vy-vař-i-t
tvořit               tvoř-i-t
znetvořit            z-ne-tvoř-i-t
přetvořit            pře-tvoř-i-t
dotvořit             do-tvoř-i-t
potvořit             po-tvoř-i-t
stvořit              s-tvoř-i-t
utvořit              u-tvoř-i-t
sušit                suš-i-t
osušit               o-suš-i-t
usušit               u-suš-i-t
vysušit              vy-suš-i-t
padnout              pad-nou-t
napadnout            na-pad-nou-t
zapadnout            za-pad-nou-t
odpadnout            od-pad-nou-t
připadnout           při-pad-nou-t
opadnout             o-pad-nou-t
propadnout           pro-pad-nou-t
spadnout             s-pad-nou-t
vypadnout            vy-pad-nou-t
rozpadnout           roz-pad-nou-t
vládnout             vlád-nou-t
zavládnout           za-vlád-nou-t
ovládnout            o-vlád-nou-t
zvládnout            z-vlád-nou-t
napomenout           na-po-me-nou-t
zapomenout           za-po-me-nou-t
pozapomenout         po-za-po-me-nou-t
opomenout            o-po-me-nou-t
upomenout            u-po-me-nou-t
vzpomenout           vz-po-me-nou-t
vyvzpomenout         vy-vz-po-me-nou-t
táhnout              táh-nou-t
zatáhnout            za-táh-nou-t
obtáhnout            ob-táh-nou-t
odtáhnout            od-táh-nou-t
přetáhnout           pře-táh-nou-t
dotáhnout            do-táh-nou-t
potáhnout            po-táh-nou-t
protáhnout           pro-táh-nou-t
stáhnout             s-táh-nou-t
utáhnout             u-táh-nou-t
vtáhnout             v-táh-nou-t
vytáhnout            vy-táh-nou-t
roztáhnout           roz-táh-nou-t
naseknout            na-sek-nou-t
seseknout            se-sek-nou-t
přeseknout           pře-sek-nou-t
přiseknout           při-sek-nou-t
poseknout            po-sek-nou-t
proseknout           pro-sek-nou-t
useknout             u-sek-nou-t
vyseknout            vy-sek-nou-t
rozseknout           roz-sek-nou-t
vzteknout            vz-tek-nou-t
nařeknout            na-řek-nou-t
zařeknout            za-řek-nou-t
podřeknout           pod-řek-nou-t
přeřeknout           pře-řek-nou-t
prořeknout           pro-řek-nou-t
uřeknout             u-řek-nou-t
fiknout              fik-nou-t
ufiknout             u-fik-nou-t
bliknout             blik-nou-t
šmiknout             šmik-nou-t
přešmiknout          pře-šmik-nou-t
zaniknout            za-nik-nou-t
podniknout           pod-nik-nou-t
proniknout           pro-nik-nou-t
uniknout             u-nik-nou-t
vzniknout            vz-nik-nou-t
tisknout             tisk-nou-t
natisknout           na-tisk-nou-t
obtisknout           ob-tisk-nou-t
předtisknout         před-tisk-nou-t
přetisknout          pře-tisk-nou-t
přitisknout          při-tisk-nou-t
otisknout            o-tisk-nou-t
dotisknout           do-tisk-nou-t
potisknout           po-tisk-nou-t
protisknout          pro-tisk-nou-t
stisknout            s-tisk-nou-t
vtisknout            v-tisk-nou-t
vytisknout           vy-tisk-nou-t
trsnout              trs-nou-t
kousnout             kous-nou-t
nakousnout           na-kous-nou-t
zakousnout           za-kous-nou-t
překousnout          pře-kous-nou-t
přikousnout          při-kous-nou-t
prokousnout          pro-kous-nou-t
skousnout            s-kous-nou-t
ukousnout            u-kous-nou-t
vykousnout           vy-kous-nou-t
rozkousnout          roz-kous-nou-t
kysnout              kys-nou-t
nakysnout            na-kys-nou-t
zakysnout            za-kys-nou-t
zabásnout            za-bás-nou-t
propásnout           pro-pás-nou-t
přečísnout           pře-čís-nou-t
přičísnout           při-čís-nou-t
pročísnout           pro-čís-nou-t
sčísnout             s-čís-nou-t
rozčísnout           roz-čís-nou-t
křísnout             křís-nou-t
zatnout              za-t-nou-t
setnout              se-t-nou-t
rozetnout            roze-t-nou-t
přetnout             pře-t-nou-t
protnout             pro-t-nou-t
vytnout              vy-t-nou-t
mrznout              mrz-nou-t
namrznout            na-mrz-nou-t
přemrznout           pře-mrz-nou-t
přimrznout           při-mrz-nou-t
omrznout             o-mrz-nou-t
pomrznout            po-mrz-nou-t
promrznout           pro-mrz-nou-t
umrznout             u-mrz-nou-t
vymrznout            vy-mrz-nou-t
zmrznout             z-mrz-nou-t
rozmrznout           roz-mrz-nou-t
vrznout              vrz-nou-t
zavrznout            za-vrz-nou-t
zvrznout             z-vrz-nou-t
podklouznout         pod-klouz-nou-t
proklouznout         pro-klouz-nou-t
sklouznout           s-klouz-nou-t
vklouznout           v-klouz-nou-t
vyklouznout          vy-klouz-nou-t
hryznout             hryz-nou-t
nahryznout           na-hryz-nou-t
zahryznout           za-hryz-nou-t
přehryznout          pře-hryz-nou-t
ohryznout            o-hryz-nou-t
pohryznout           po-hryz-nou-t
prohryznout          pro-hryz-nou-t
uhryznout            u-hryz-nou-t
vyhryznout           vy-hryz-nou-t
rozhryznout          roz-hryz-nou-t
vypláznout           vy-pláz-nou-t
máznout              máz-nou-t
namáznout            na-máz-nou-t
přimáznout           při-máz-nou-t
promáznout           pro-máz-nou-t
umáznout             u-máz-nou-t
vymáznout            vy-máz-nou-t
nalíznout            na-líz-nou-t
oblíznout            ob-líz-nou-t
olíznout             o-líz-nou-t
ulíznout             u-líz-nou-t
vylíznout            vy-líz-nou-t
naříznout            na-říz-nou-t
zaříznout            za-říz-nou-t
obříznout            ob-říz-nou-t
podříznout           pod-říz-nou-t
přeříznout           pře-říz-nou-t
přiříznout           při-říz-nou-t
uříznout             u-říz-nou-t
vříznout             v-říz-nou-t
vyříznout            vy-říz-nou-t
sedět                sed-ě-t
nasedět              na-sed-ě-t
přesedět             pře-sed-ě-t
posedět              po-sed-ě-t
prosedět             pro-sed-ě-t
vysedět              vy-sed-ě-t
rozsedět             roz-sed-ě-t
trpět                trp-ě-t
přetrpět             pře-trp-ě-t
dotrpět              do-trp-ě-t
potrpět              po-trp-ě-t
protrpět             pro-trp-ě-t
strpět               s-trp-ě-t
utrpět               u-trp-ě-t
vytrpět              vy-trp-ě-t
slabost              slab-ost
radost               rad-ost
žádost               žád-ost
mnohost              mnoh-ost
tuhost               tuh-ost
celost               cel-ost
veselost             vesel-ost
rychlost             rychl-ost
místnost             míst-n-ost
jedinost             jedin-ost
zdatnost             zdatn-ost
pevnost              pevn-ost
rovnost              rovn-ost
starost              star-ost
míst                 míst
koryt                koryt
svět                 svět
volbu                vol-b-u
západu               zá-pad-u
řadu                 řad-u
vedu                 ved-u
uvedu                u-ved-u
středu               střed-u
brodu                brod-u
vodu                 vod-u
řádu                 řád-u
děkuju               děk-uj-u
ukazuju              u-kaz-uj-u
zimu                 zim-u
podzimu              pod-zim-u
popadnu              po-pad-n-u
propadnu             pro-pad-n-u
stáhnu               s-táh-n-u
utáhnu               u-táh-n-u
řeknu                řek-n-u
neřeknu              ne-řek-n-u
cenu                 cen-u
jaru                 jar-u
vlasu                vlas-u
času                 čas-u
nesu                 nes-u
pusu                 pus-u
světu                svět-u
hlavu                hlav-u
faxu                 fax-u
chodbou              chod-b-ou
řadou                řad-ou
dovedou              do-ved-ou
provedou             pro-ved-ou
řekou                řek-ou
zimou                zim-ou
popadnou             po-pad-n-ou
zvládnou             z-vlád-n-ou
táhnou               táh-n-ou
přetáhnou            pře-táh-n-ou
stáhnou              s-táh-n-ou
hlavou               hlav-ou
fax                  fax
volby                vol-b-y
předvolby            před-vol-b-y
platby               plat-b-y
řady                 řad-y
středy               střed-y
řády                 řád-y
řeky                 řek-y
volaly               vol-a-l-y
vyvolaly             vy-vol-a-l-y
dělaly               děl-a-l-y
udělaly              u-děl-a-l-y
dojímaly             do-jím-a-l-y
přivedly             při-ved-l-y
zvedly               z-ved-l-y
musely               mus-e-l-y
slyšely              slyš-e-l-y
chodily              chod-i-l-y
spálily              s-pál-i-l-y
prosily              pros-i-l-y
platily              plat-i-l-y
nesly                nes-l-y
ceny                 cen-y
vlasy                vlas-y
lesy                 les-y
pusy                 pus-y
místy                míst-y
kopyty               kopyt-y
koryty               koryt-y
světy                svět-y
hlavy                hlav-y
faxy                 fax-y
mladá                mlad-á
práská               prásk-á
zapráská             za-prásk-á
píská                písk-á
zapíská              za-písk-á
celá                 cel-á
veselá               vesel-á
volá                 vol-á
povolá               po-vol-á
zlá                  zl-á
bílá                 bíl-á
posílá               po-síl-á
nedělá               ne-děl-á
udělá                u-děl-á
neudělá              ne-u-děl-á
nezajímá             ne-za-jím-á
přijímá              při-jím-á
řádná                řád-n-á
jedná                jedn-á
červená              červen-á
nečervená            ne-červen-á
jediná               jedin-á
pěkná                pěkn-á
černá                čern-á
špatná               špatn-á
stará                star-á
dobrá                dobr-á
modrá                modr-á
lysá                 lys-á
čistá                čist-á
žlutá                žlut-á
nová                 nov-á
slabé                slab-é
šedé                 šed-é
mnohé                mnoh-é
celé                 cel-é
veselé               vesel-é
bílé                 bíl-é
školné               škol-n-é
cenné                cen-n-é
zelené               zelen-é
červené              červen-é
jediné               jedin-é
pěkné                pěkn-é
černé                čern-é
špatné               špatn-é
pevné                pevn-é
rovné                rovn-é
dobré                dobr-é
modré                modr-é
čisté                čist-é
žluté                žlut-é
ošklivé              oškliv-é
cílové               cíl-ov-é
cenové               cen-ov-é
syrové               syr-ov-é
sírové               sír-ov-é
časové               čas-ov-é
světové              svět-ov-é
faxové               fax-ov-é
nové                 nov-é
vrací                vrac-í
odvrací              od-vrac-í
nevrací              ne-vrac-í
vidí                 vid-í
nevidí               ne-vid-í
chodí                chod-í
nechodí              ne-chod-í
neprochodí           ne-pro-chod-í
soudí                soud-í
jezdí                jezd-í
pálí                 pál-í
pílí                 píl-í
západní              zá-pad-n-í
východní             vý-chod-n-í
řádní                řád-n-í
školní               škol-n-í
zimní                zim-n-í
podzimní             pod-zim-n-í
jarní                jar-n-í
lesní                les-n-í
hlavní               hlav-n-í
trpí                 trp-í
koupí                koup-í
nakoupí              na-koup-í
prosí                pros-í
musí                 mus-í
nemusí               ne-mus-í
pověsí               po-věs-í
platí                plat-í
zaplatí              za-plat-í
neplatí              ne-plat-í
vyplatí              vy-plat-í
radostí              rad-ost-í
malostí              mal-ost-í
rychlostí            rychl-ost-í
pevností             pevn-ost-í
opustí               o-pust-í
dopustí              do-pust-í
nevynutí             ne-vy-nut-í
mluví                mluv-í
nemluví              ne-mluv-í
domluví              do-mluv-í
vězí                 věz-í
vaří                 vař-í
suší                 suš-í
slyší                slyš-í
nedrží               ne-drž-í
vydrží               vy-drž-í
nevydrží             ne-vy-drž-í
poběží               po-běž-í
mladý                mlad-ý
šedý                 šed-ý
hnědý                hněd-ý
mnohý                mnoh-ý
celý                 cel-ý
veselý               vesel-ý
rychlý               rychl-ý
zlý                  zl-ý
bílý                 bíl-ý
řádný                řád-n-ý
cenný                cen-n-ý
zelený               zelen-ý
červený              červen-ý
pěkný                pěkn-ý
černý                čern-ý
špatný               špatn-ý
dobrý                dobr-ý
modrý                modr-ý
žlutý                žlut-ý
špinavý              špin-av-ý
ošklivý              oškliv-ý
zimový               zim-ov-ý
sírový               sír-ov-ý
faxový               fax-ov-ý
růžový               růž-ov-ý
nový                 nov-ý
chodbě               chod-b-ě
volbě                vol-b-ě
západě               zá-pad-ě
řadě                 řad-ě
vodě                 vod-ě
zimě                 zim-ě
ceně                 cen-ě
místě                míst-ě
městě                měst-ě
létě                 lét-ě
světě                svět-ě
hlavě                hlav-ě
vedeš                ved-e-š
dovedeš              do-ved-e-š
děláš                děl-á-š
vidíš                vid-í-š
chodíš               chod-í-š
pochodíš             po-chod-í-š
pustíš               pust-í-š
opustíš              o-pust-í-š
vězíš                věz-í-š
vlasů                vlas-ů
časů                 čas-ů
světů                svět-ů
faxů                 fax-ů
